I can't tell you how excited I am for this. While the rest of the world is in the metaverse, I can go physically visit Yellowstone National Park and not be gridlocked with traffic since everyone else will be in the metaverse LOL
YES!! This comment right here is truth!
You are absolutely spot-on correct. I'm so excited!  This "metaverse" will draw in masses and free up reality for what's left of sane people.
Lol
Yeah I'm not going in there. It's a trap. Trust me.
 @Papa Fluoride  why do I want this, and don’t want this?
 @DatCake  What have you smoked?  I'm guessing either 2C-B or 5-MeO-DMT based on what you're saying.
 @1122redbird  wdym  how is that go against anything
meanwhile were gonna all be on an extreme permanent dopamine rush seeing whatever crazy view we can imagine
You will have Zero interest in Yellowstone after you experience The Matrix
I just can't wrap my head around this - the only thing that's real in metaverse is the money people throw into it.
You think money is real? Thats cute. What is real vs unreal? And why does it matter?
It’s like a whole new spin on I’ve got a bridge to sell you.
 @Michael Shannon  real is healthy Unreal isn't, listen you can spend the rest of your life in a vr headset and everytime you take it off you realize your real life lonley but I'll stick to enjoying real life events
I don’t like it but I get it... think GTA Online. How people invest real money into their character and shark cards for literally no physical return.Same for any P2P game or P2W like CoD. I knew many people in school 10 years ago who specifically collected hats on the Xbox 360 Avatar and in Team Fortress 2
 @Michael Shannon  Real is tangible.
You’ll own nothing & you’ll be happy.
If it exists in a digital sense then it still by definition exists. The value of that existing digital thing is determined by the people interacting with it. If no one cares or no one interacts with it, its worth effectively nothing (assuming zero future potential). If everyone cares, its worth as much as people are willing to pay. Digital money and digital property has been around for a while now, its just finding new forms :)
I think im starting to get it now. Basically the online community is making a real-life version of fortnite. For sellers, it’s a method of reaching consumers, since most people are spending their time at home. For buyers, it’s a digital representation of yourself in a new place, this place being the metaverse. Nfts and the metaverse are intangible versions of life. In the tangible real world, for example, u have a physical house with physical furniture in real southern California. In the intangible metaverse,  u have a digital property thru upland, where your digital furniture (ie nfts) are in the digital version of california. It’s just another intangible asset
It’s the matrix, call it what it is, a world where you can get lost in to the point of forgetting a real world exists outside of the oculus, the matrix
Lol right
I've actually said this to younger people who play games like this. You're gonna end up being in the matrix. They respond by saying things like "that's cool" or "I can't wait!". Scary times, they're gonna be inside before they realize there's an outside
You will own nothing,  and be happy
Laugh out loud! Tech companies are just branding online traffic.
Wasn’t leaving the matrix the whole pint of the movie? Lol , common humans don’t go there you don’t wanna know what’s gonna happen to all of us
In the matrix the people were enslaved. We are still not there
It's not yet got a long while to go but it will happen. And it all started with a cellphone made people more comfortable with technology. Next implement chips in the brain and human like robots. 
 @dinonino ... you have to pay for your existence by working for/within a system that owns you.Yes,  you are a registered asset of a non-profit profit corporation called a nation-state.
The human-physical reality is a matrix
Reminds me of Minecraft. Played that game for the first time and the entire day went by before I knew it. Times are changing.
Either I'm too old for this, or the world is going crazy after quarantine.
Very Funny. Probably the former.
 @Tony  Y
Both I feel you
Facebook just entered the meta verse and people that hold cryptocurrency understand this next phase of the internet. Bitcoin just hit it's new all time and all the crypto metaverse projects are going parabolic like $MANA. Remember yahoo and AOL, same difference.
 @Orlando  Living digitally is a past time for the obese and unhealthy. There will be long lasting health consequences for this garbage. Crypto currency is akin to online banking. Going to virtual clubs and games is not the same as real socializing.
I wouldn’t say either. This has been a topic for a while. For 10+
The way I just bust out laughing. It’s a little bit of both. 
 @Orlando  I think they'll use cbdc not BTC because BTC is anonymous
The fact you've posted this comment means you've already entered the game. No turning back.
So glad I missed all this having been born back in the days of the real world.
ok boomer...
 @ⵉⵜⵔⵓⵏⴰⵓⵜ  ok kiddo
 @ⵉⵜⵔⵓⵏⴰⵓⵜ  exactly all these people cant comprehend this is the future lol
Ah yes, back in the days where instead of browsing the internet you could spend all day watching cable television and playing NES. Real world, sure…
 @Zero  we comprehend it's the future, we just don't want that. You can go live in your imaginary world though.
 @Zarathustra P  i don’t understand why you would’ve want to be part of it
 @Zero  The future? You really think this isn't just a simulation 3 levels deep already?
I can already tell it’s within their financial interest knowing how much social media is mind control. This will cause more depression and anxiety.
You are 100% right.
Get off of all social media
Then don’t go to social media…
The metaverse is not social media. It is the metaphysical embodiment of the internet.
 @Captain Picard  In other words, it is the 3 dimensional level like the gaming world. Now NFTs are created, digital real estate, crypto currency and voila! Live in a make belief world were you can escape reality and lose your human physical identity.... If that is not destructive to the self consciousness of being, then I don't know what is. Evil, evil, evil...
 @MyThoughts  we already live in a virtual world right now. Think about online businesses. We all have a digital self.
 @Captain Picard  Yea these people are overreacting and watch too many Si fy movies.
Except VR is so much better and mentally healthy than social mediaIn social media everyone projects different versions of themselves, and theres a huge lack of social interaction that actually resembles reality. In VR you can actually have a community of people interacting with their voices, gestures.Community is the main thing the people have been missing since covid, and VR gives us a digital chance at that.
 @Captain Picard  But I don't engage with an avatar and I don't spend hours doing online business. This metaverse and all that goes with it, is a huge shift in interaction with people and unreal. No thank you
 @MyThoughts  Have you ever seen people interact in VR? It's more sincere than reality. In life we have to wear masks, but in VR we're more free to express our feelings because we don't have to deal with peer pressure. Like, I enjoy the real world, and I do agree that with stuff like the metaverse, we should be cautious but at the same time, I think it would be weird to be completely pessimistic about it.
I saw this coming 10 years ago. The meta verse is basically going to be a real life simulation mixed with the gaming world. Basically you can turn anything into life in this virtual world. However, it’s not just a virtual world, it’s a portal that is going to open a new reality. It’s going to create a new global currency in this virtual world. This will create New millionaires on the rise in this virtual world because it will be treated as if it’s reality. You’ll be able to run your own business store or sell in this meta verse and even work and get paid real money. A new currency will rise and cause a threat to cryptocurrency and real paper money. One day y’all will look back and see that everything I mentioned will be spot on.
Blocktopia
Everything you heard* not write
You must me already multi millionaire already then. Tell us how many millions you made ?
This reminds me of Second Life 10 years ago. There was this feeling that it will be the future. Of course that didn't happen but not because the concept was flawed, it was ahead of its time and the technology was not there yet.
 @Santiago Roldan  and Shiba Inu that transformed $5 dollars in more $400000 in 1 year
Who will make food for us??? Farmers inside the meta verse?
Dude it will be all crypto currency
 @Santiago Roldan  all of those
 @SJ  lmfaooo. Right, this is the new approach to economic warfare. Become docile in economic play by going full consumer and productive enough to live and provide your "disposable" earnings as profits for metaverse digital assets. that being said, I do find this to be interesting from a creative standpoint, for new immersive experiences, people will always want to play. Its why microtransactions worked for a lot of MMO and even single player games via expansion packs. They are truly new experiences, whether its new campaign mission stories (basically playable movies), new weapons for you favorite games, or secret content for your super fans. People buy autographed memorabilia in the real world or value rare defective products, or mis-minted coin. Humans hoard subjective value due to the experience tied to them. I dont see this being a huge hit outside of AR or VR creative applications for sale. Most other sales will be from kids stealing credit cards to buy useless goods, fans/backers who want to fit into a niche social circle. Manipulating our rights in the real world might force people to further partake in this, or maybe physical incapacitation. It is a real market no doubt, as it has been with the other titles people are bringing up, just spruced up for the modern era if they get it right. But real physical world assets will always be REAL ESTATE. No problem with businesses trying to create another income stream with a more advanced creative endeavor, I applaud it, but this buying mania for digital real estate is kind of loopy. Children have by far been the most exploited target for financial resource gain by uncreative adults playing in a creative space. It all comes down to how they can profit. Snake oil continues to stock the free market's shelves.
People spending most their waking hours in a virtual reality is more indicative of a real world no longer meeting the emotional and psychological needs of humans. Which might encourage changes in societal structures. Such as a reason for existing other than school, work, buy, die. But I doubt it will happen.
Human are evolving. Just look at how different the younger generation is.
 @Debin Chen  not to mention self centered kids that has everything way easy and dont give a crap about anything In Life, thats why theyre so depressed
ITS HAPPENING!!
You literally explained the world today. I haven’t left my house for anything other than vacation  grocery is delivered… TELE health visits smh.. it’s crazy
 @Debin Chen  Devolving, if at all.
is happening, sadly
 @Debin Chen  The younger generations are in terrible shape. we are DE-volving.
So now you'll work and buy, but online. Just great!
Only applies to a certain urban demographic.
The danger I see in the metaverse is that kids, from a very early age, are being fed the wrong images of the physical world when they play games on the computer. As for the NFT‘s, I found it to be all right to create an icon of whatever thing or person, put a price tag on it and aspire for someone to buy it. But please, NO! images of human beings whose lower part of the body is missing and also of those who can jump from one skyscraper to the next, will not bring about the right representation of reality in the minds of young boys and girls. There exists, definitely, the possibility that these young minds who are fed the wrong image of the world end up becoming delusional a.k.a. psychotic, namely adults who live on this planet but whose world is a fictitious world that they have deeply entrenched in their minds, the product of their early indoctrination via games.
I feel so lucky because I don't have to go through all this stress to trade well.
Wow. I admire you I have always wanted to start but too nervous to.
I started recently but I didn't have any success I don't think it's worth it.
I am becoming scared of going into this I don't know where to start.
It is sad to see people go into trade without full knowledge of what it entails.
Exactly my view. I think we should rely on people who are professionals in trade and learn from them. That's what I have done
I have heard about these professionals but I do not know anyone. A recommendation might help.
I am not a professional but I can recommend what who helps me.
Experts Benedicta
Please how can I get her.
+44
We made the real world so polluted and distopian that now we are looking for a fictional world where everything is good again.
correct
The real world is a prison.  The virtual world is freedom.  There is no alternate timeline in which this would not be the case.
 @Danny G   We will choose decentralization.... Facebook is not the internet... it's just one website.  Look at the big picture.  It will reflect the real world but with more freedom because we already ran Version 1.0 and saw the traps.
Ok boomer
Lol
 @GoProJoe  true
I guess yall don't watch black mirror
 @GoProJoe  lol what about people’s physical and mental health staying inside playing video games isn’t good for your mental and physical health now imagine fully leaving reality everyone will be fat have clogged arteries and the real pandemic, heart disease will grow even more.
 @GoProJoe  . You're pockets are being emptied so you can hang out with your friends which should be free. The only ones benefiting from this meta world are the company executives who are getting rich off your complacency and live in the real world where they do real things with your money.
She said : " Earth is finite, there is only so much of the physical world."  Finite = limited..what she wont mention is.. that we are finite.. meaning we are limited. In the fact we don't live forever, and these people will waste their entire lives in a virtual world creating a false reality.. and never actually get out into the real world and experience this life,face it and address the issues. There is real things going on in real life. Real skills needed.Things that are out there that you need to go set your eyes on.
I was so confused at when I first started, but when I joined the Bangsta Bears, they helped me a ton. Glad to be a OG there, have learned more from them on Stocks, Crypto and NFTs, then I have from these youtube "experts".
We’re literally living in a Brave New World and 1984 at the same time. Huxley and Orwell predicted the future.
I always felt that VR is cool for gaming, but I wouldn't want to live in it. I envision a product called "Apple Lenses" where you basically have all the iPhone features, but directly in your eye in the form of contact lenses. The lenses could go dark and put you in a virtual world for gaming. Or, you could use AR to have your friends pop in and sit on your couch in real life. A merge of the digital world and the real world. NFTs would come into play because you could buy virtual items and store them in your home. Or, you can launch your VR game and have a NFT avatar.
oh my God no more internet for me.
LOL Now I see why "Ancient Aliens" show could be us....
Ophthalmologists: Stonks
I'd rather just take acid.
Yes 
Apple lenses? LMAO, Crapple can't even produce a working car.
It will get to the point when you can actually charge your devices using your body. Biological charger.
 @meanls1  I doubt we would ever get to the point that our machines would get that cost efficient, or our body that capable of providing energy easily for said machines.Also whilst the VR future might happen in terms of us interacting with people further away easily by using a device that we could carry with us I don't see nft's fitting into said future. The video Line Goes Up – The Problem With NFTs illustrates why that is the case.
Having that lady who owns the Metaverse company as my mom would probably be the worst life experience.
This is beyond me. I spend my time in novels, not in a virtual world. Maybe I'm getting old.
You spend your time in a "virtual world" (I read a lot, too) ... you read and imagine the story in your head..
 @hurdygurdyguy1  whoa  (speechless)
you're watching youtube bruh that's digital
Escapism, bro. Digital or not.
novels are virtual worlds too, but just made by your mind instead of a computer or server
By typing this comment you’re in a virtual world right now. Just 2D not 3D
 @Alcapoontang MooseInThePoose  Would be more accurate to say he is leaving a digital footprint of himself than being in a 2D virtual world. Usually when someone says their inside a world they mean physically not just by being able to interact with said world by say typing. VR can transport your visual perception to a 2D environment, but you won't ever be physically there. Any and all interactions are code and programs which becomes blatantly obvious to anyone when they try to do an interaction not programmed into the world, but possible irl.
NFT’s are the most genius way for rich people to launder their money, gotta give it to them
Laundering is a term often used but seldomly understood.
yes and us small feies can take it from them also because we can trade in nfts also.
How, can you explain?
How?
 @bounchofbeaners  I hear radio silence lol people just want to hate on rich people in general bc capitalism is so evil 
 @EDBA 1.0  make some nft then "sell" it to your other account using some illegally made money
 @Yo Yu  Far too many holes in that logic.
 @De  its litterly how money gets laundered
 @Yo Yu  No need to be federal. Shush
A doomed phase
I am 60 years old and if you yourself does not accept inovations of life then we are doomed!
 @ShutDFckOff  it’s not that we don’t accept innovations. Myself, and many other people including experts, are simply skeptical of the long term effects of this kind of technology.
The virtual world will be just as  corrupt as the real world and much easier to control.
This makes the idea of living in a simulation that much more believable 
This is the beginning of a real-life "Ready Player One" and "Sword Art Online." This is literally the digital world of the Digimon universe, can't wait to get my Digivice, I just know that I'm Digi-destined.
You're not wrong
100 percent
The future is looking good one right now thats going to be massive is the Ultra blockchain gaming coming out soon. Ppl wil be able to play games to earn crypto sell games and so much more.
dude same
VRchat?
WAIT 2-10 decades... well have all been long grown old or dead. but its interesting to think about future generations
Fantasy such a great escapism.
Yep 
Guys I don't think SAO will be there in near 200-300 years......I hate it...if just I was born 400 years in future 
Back in the days, there was the first metaverse called “SECOND LIFE”! 
Dude I was just thinking about and trying to remember the name of it until I scrolled to your comment.
Do you know the way? 
I have 2 accounts since the early 2000's I am wondering if I can sell many of the items I have to others or create a service for others to enjoy inside second life and ear something... any thoughts?
Second Life was like an early trial run, when you think about it. So many things like this are introduced to us over time without us really realizing.
VR chat
They just keep trying to sell us the same useless stuff, re-branded every time.Oooooo the "metaverse".....ffs, we've had VR & MMO's for 20 years.
Exactly, it's blockchain powered SecondLife.
 @Peter Belanger  The announcements hit different when they are made by global organizations
 @Peter Belanger  I think it's all cumulative, with a definite end goal.
Sure, but I think Active Worlds IS the first one. But as far as being successful with its own economy, community engagement and user generated content, yes that definitely goes to Second Life.
Long story short.  They want us all in the Matrix.
they AKA US. why do we watch movies, play games and read books? because we watch to escape the every day mundane routines of the quote on quote real world.
Just look at "metahero trailer" they about to take over..its going worldwide starting in Dubai on October 17
 @Omar Barrios  it's October 23rd. you're wrong
 @Omar Barrios  I saw the trailer.  this shyt is becoming creepier by the day! where can I find it on Twitter?
 @Omar Barrios  I couldn't find anything on that
yup this is the beginning of the matrix.

We are already in the Matrix.
After quitting social media for a year, hearing these people talk about merging the digital and real world... Pfff... I feel like Michael Corleone on The Godfather 3
Just when I got out, they pulled me back in?
 @Daniel Lopez  yup
The more reason not to go back to Social Media! Its been more than a year already since I left FB. I have no regrets. I have no instagram, twitter, whatsapp, etc. YT is basically for watching news and documentaries.
omg... ALL of this has already been done, in Second Life. Second life is the closet we ever got to ready player one. it had its own digital currency that could be traded for real currency. The world was player built and you could buy or sell anything you wanted. there were themeparks, malls, citys, clubs, schools, unis, battlefields etc in every theme you could think of.. and this was during the late 00s. It's 2021 and the only thing similar is VRchat and its barely anything in comparison.
Yes to all you said about SL.  However, SL remained a 'closed system'.  Your lindens were only useful inside that ecosystem.  Your land, house, possessions were never really yours.  Everything belonged to linden labs.  In the new Metaverse we will have true digital ownership.  I really enjoyed hanging out in SL.  Attending concerts, etc.  It's a shame Rosedale didn't collaborate with maybe Decentraland or Somnium Space.  As you said, this was already done a decade ago.  Too bad it wasn't on a blockchain with NFTs.
 @Andy  you don’t know how programming works
I guess that the technology does not limit only Upland from having a virtal Manhattan. There could be, for example, a Google version of virtual Manhattan, a Microsoft version, an Apple version and so on. Two people could own 2 different virtual versions (say Google version and Apple version) of the same physical address in Manhattan.And, theoretically, there can be infinite versions of virtual Manhattans and therefore any real money spent on buying these virtual properties is actually worthless. That said, this is only a theoretical possibility, and the real value (i.e., for which users would be ready to pay real money) of a property derives from a finite number of companies that may have the intellectual and financial might to offer these virtual properties.
A new phase where Uhive will reign supreme! From experience, it is honestly the most promising metaverse, also, the world's-first social metaverse...
Im so excited for the metaverse it sounds cool and engaging watching keynote 2021 had me on the edge of my seat i really think mark and his team are really on to something that could change the future in a more positive way bringing people together is what i believe he is trying to do with meta and its a great idea
If you want to interact with others in a virtual world you can always just use VR for that already you know. Since all the metaverse up to now showed is that it's a VR environment lets say chat lounge along with perhaps a few games you could play in said environment. All of that is already existing and you can do that right now.
It looks just like those early video of internet: nobody understands what they are talking about. Everything is ugly, buggy. But we know this will be huge. Rendez-vous in 10 years.
I want to find out how to capitalize on this. After getting into crypto, this is a natural step forward.
You should nft this comment ;)

see u in 10
 @Holly Stone  i want to learn how to invest in meta and the meta verse badly
At this rate it's gonna be 10 months, I'm afraid...
10 years from now will be grim.
See you then!
You seem smart
At some point in the early twenty-first century all of mankind was united in celebration. We marveled at our own magnificence as we gave birth to AI. – Morpheus
It's here.
To see it happening and not fight against it is scary
The Matrix has you.
why is no one mentioning vrchat?, it's literally a VR metaverse with full body tracking support, ready player one style, working right now with an extremely high level of immersion and a lot of users.
That would reveal problems in their concept and their real number one agenda (money).
Got a lot of weebs on it too
@Omar Barrios  I highly doubt that. There is a lot of very important information leftout. Also rarely someone wants to use their real look in vr. Software is what makes and breaks these projects. Also it starts in Dubai because they need a huuuge amount of money they don't have to have any chance to make this work, so they are searching for investors to impress. I could be wrong, but world is full of failed projects.
it's centralized
how about the 1st digital world, second life. VRchat is good but it's never reached SL good.
 @Omar Barrios  So they are meeting potential investors like I said they would? Why are you making my point and then acting like you are doing the opposite? When i said "i doubt", I was talking about your "taking over". If their software/hardware is an expensive garbage it wont be a metaverse, but maybe an arabprinceverse. Also Facebook who already has a ton of cash is making their own metaverse. It's good to be enthusiastic, and it's not impossible for them to make it, but get back to reality and think.
Because its not the same
This whole meta thing, ten years from now it'll be like how we see AOL from back in the day
Or it will be more evolved, and efficient. One can not know for sure.
AOL means?
AOL might not have survived but the Internet did. Same thing could be said here. The "MetaVerse" wannabe's might not all survive but those that do will take over.
I. Hope so
 @Sam India  America online
Feels like this is legitimising the value of digital assets to the point where we start caring less about physical goods in real life. People's self worth, reputation, achievements will all be tied to a blockchain based system of interaction. The determination to own/create/buy high value collectibles as an individual or business (while 'surfing in' the metaverse for 10+ hrs daily) has some major consequences. But the good it could do must not be underestimated.
I almost gave you a thumbs up... But then you put that last sentence ....Good? What is good about all you said will be lost, not to speak of your mental health and emotional well being.
 @MyThoughts  the good it could do is form a community of like minded individuals who would otherwise nvr meet or interact. Forming connections, playing games with friends and having fun...instead of rotting away in a centralised economy that exists today...seems good. I just wanted to consider both sides.
No mention of smart contracts? A real missed opportunity when trying to explain the value of NFTs
Abaxx ?
Yup!
One day people will literally be in the Metaverse since birth
Then imagine someone leaving the metaverse for the first time.
What if the “people” is us 
 @Arte Delint  haha, damn!  

I saw this coming 8 years ago. Reimagine the way we play, live and work. We are a metaverse with a twin mission, unleash human potential, and deliver a universal basic income. Then i joined Alethea, it is the world's first intelligent metaverse built by Alethea AI. Gamers, creators, and entrepreneurs welcome.
It's so strange, VR nerds have been living in Second Life for decades now, and it's just a nerd niche, now suddenly the pandemic hits, and this is now a thing... Totally leap frogging the original space... And now Zuckerberg wants to co-opt the whole thing... What could possibly go wrong!
It was AMAZING stumbling into the Marshmallow concert. Travis’ was good too but that first time was magical
Metaverse is an excellent project; however, what if it were upgraded? Metaversus is a superior version of the metaverse in which They are creating a true metaverse in a world where games are played to make money. A universe comprised of linked virtual worlds. This is an opportunity not to be missed. Metaversus enables users to blur the distinction between virtual and actual worlds.
Real estate in the virtual world: the most stark evidence of idiocy. The world is over.
Preach
Thank you! I thought I was the only one left with a brain.
Said the same thing about internet
If you could own an acre in fortnite, and then sell that a year later to Nike to build their HQ in fortnite for 50x profit, I think most people would take that deal, and the world would keep on turning. Metaverse is just a new paint on virtual worlds (games) that have existed for 20yrs. Except now, instead of the game company controlling the individual game items (outfits, weapons, land), you can own them and sell/trade them on an open market.
 @Jackson Wallop  Lame
 @Jackson Wallop  thanks, Jackson. I get it..I am not registering a judgment on profit-making, I am evaluating the idea that anything, never mind the intangibility of it, can generate money. It makes me think of a certain kind of gullibility that has become the norm. It is the ability to shape the thinking of the masses with practically anything that is contrived and given a value, that is  very worrying..
 @Shupweme  , did you, now?
The big fallacy in this business is that everyone can create such a world and sell these properties again. Hence there is no scarcity. This only make sense if you are the one meta verse company that everyone uses and which is not contested by other big players. Facebook has the best shot at that currently but not such a small company.
Three companies have already created very large metaversus before Facebook. Facebook will most likely gear their metaverse to interact with one of the three.
The reporter literally called it terrifying, “like a game that’s inspired by Stranger Things and Monopoly”.
Ya we were there
It Is terifying...
The Metaverse will allow us to do all the fantastic Star Trek-like things scientists failed to enable us with in the real world.
Brilliant reporting. Still had to look up "NFT" after all that.
Non fungible token. Exclusive rights to a piece of digital content. Can be purchased with cryptocurrency like Bitcoin.
I would like to see the rest of the interview. Interesting topic
its amazing how this is all geared towards consumerism and money... more of the same
The Matrix will have everything you can imagine, and everything you can't
Awesome NFTs and Metaverse video, enjoying!
When you think of the fact that I followed Kathy Hackle on periscope years ago and to see her now! Just wow!!!!!! 
2011: World Of Warcraft people have a real addiction problem, spending a lot of time and money.2021: Watch this bro.
I'm very excited about the idea of metaverse, but I'm skeptical about how will turn out. I hope they get it right, but it will be incredibly difficult.
Metaverse is going to make Multi-universe and Avatar , Inception , Matrix movie come true.
Metaverse; a way to make millennial and gen Z's go broke.
pff joke's on them. we already are
I mean.. I'm already up 50x but you do you.
I think such a thing happened long time ago when you can pump money into online gaming, remember those crimes committed in the game and bought trials in real life, or relationship worked online but failed miserably when they finally met? Please correct me if I am wrong.
"This sounds familiar. Their was a movie called left behind and they wanted everyone to put on these glasses to be hypnotized. This also happen on Sponge BoB when plankton wanted to take over he had everyone put on a Helmet so he may hypnotized them.
 This also happened in an anime called Naruto shippuden, where this giant tree attached itself to everyone in the world and trapped them in their own dreams filled with happiness  forever. In the real world their bodies slowly turned to basically batteries, feeding the matrix. (Roots, feeding the tree)
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDM1CIwa5Bw"
Wow not  to many people know about “Left Behind”! I watched it years ago with my Mom along wit Omega Code 1&2
Ah, but what they didn't tell us is that this company refuses to pay out large balances.. this effectively makes their "currency" completely useless with no monetary value whatsoever.
90's was a good time to be borned
Yeah super weird that they focus on fortnite, roblox, and nfts in this without mentioning VR, AR, or XR explicitly. Greater immersion in cyberspace is dependent on those technologies. Might as well have made this about world of warcraft or the multiplicity of experiences like that.  How can you leave out Vrchat or any of the other actual VR social apps that make up the actual current and projected future "metaverse"?  Truly didn't feel like the reporters actually grasped the setting of "metaverse" or the reality of it's current use.
Because they have no clue… we are all early in this space
Gives the actual meaning from World Economic Forum's Great Reset slogan, "you'll own nothing and be happy"
I was thinking the same thing
Exactlyyyy
Well played 60 mins. Subtle virtue signalling game on point.
Wow...our worst nightmares of Black Mirror will soon be coming true.
With birth rates dropping off like crazy, it’ll be pretty spacious in a few decades between the real world and the metaverse. Fewer people, twice the environment.
Realistically speaking, this is about another hook to sell you something. Realistically speaking, this is what happens when society spends way too much time focused on science fiction irregardless of how it is presented to the viewer.Realistically speaking, this is about society wanting it now! Irregardless of the security issues, Irregardless of bandwidth limitations. Irregardless of the validity of the business model not questioning, seriously, how they make money! Irregardless that the physical laws of nature, present evolution would prevent such a thing from being created.34 years ago, 1987, when the Holedeck was introduced to the public I knew it would create unrealistic expectations of the future. Creating something from essentially nothing is reserved to the powers that be number one.Number two, when you contrast that idea with the "communicator" some 21 years prior to 1987; I considered the communicator, hence, which was later introduced as the iphone in 2007 --- it was a matter of time. Just like the "home computer" was a matter of time. Just like creating the arpanet and internet as an answer to the cold war was a matter of time.When one spent as much time as I did using walkie talkies  in the day 1960s, 1970s miniaturizing the afore-mentioned particular technologies was realistic. Holedecks, as of today, in the near future are not realsitic just like warp drive.
The Metaverse will catch on just like 3D TVs.
I feel really sad. And glad at the same time. I spent 3 years trying to get this idea out to a company that can run it.
You have to build it!
Ready for the future of the internet 
Virtual monopoly. This is crazy
So let me get this right. There is an online virtual database of every house/building in the world and anyone can buy a property they want? Like that isn’t just a little creepy… I wonder if there could be a case where a stalker could buy his victims home and flaunt it in their face, I dunno if I’m reading into all of this too much but it sounds like it’s fitting with the times.
I think I'm blessed because if not I wouldn't have met someone who is as spectacular as expert Mrs  Lucy
Mrs Lucy and her method works like magic I keep earning single week with new strategy
This is literally big tech tempting people to enter the Matrix.  Except it will be so addictive that people won't want to leave.  Your life will revolve around it and others are going to become very wealthy selling time with you and your information.  The value I see in this is if we do space travel it may be a way to keep people sane without sedating them.
So now I gotta take care of my self in both reality and virtual, I could barely take care of myself in reality smh
Imagine dead loved ones leaving behind a piece of themselves in this world, leaving messages behind for loved ones.
That would be cool!!
You can do that with a normal video camera.
Buying virtual land should be a certifiable offence. Absolutely mental.
"It's this world of infinite possibilities" is said seconds before describing finite virtual "real estate". Unreal.
Congratulations! You're catching up to tech I have been using for well over a decade.
I don't see this working, Google Glass was extremely hard to develop considering the technology at the time, and it failed miserably into market. The only way it would work if they can really pull off micro-architecture for hardware into production, then you have my attention.
This is that video we will come back to in 2032 and laugh at, similar to the 60 mins episode about "The Internet" in the late 90s. Just wait and see :)
i'll continue to buy physical stuff.
If a witch put a hex on whoever owned a piece of digital property, would that render the digi-property haunted?
This reminds me of the season in The 100, where AI takes over and offers people to go in the digital world where they have everything better than in real world. 
What an addictive series it was.
If “WHEN YOU CAN’T GO OUTSIDE, GO INSIDE” was more than an idea..
Imagine being in the meta world and walking into a drs office and scheduling an appointment 
The world is more and more becoming the Onion.
So let's make an omelet!!
The Onion router?
Yes! Please everybody could be in the metaverse doing their stuffs and finally i can drive without any traffic
When she said the metaverse is already here I cracked up, that's so not true, depending of course on your definition of the metaverse. But if your looking at the metaverse as sort of a digital frontier, its not here yet. Minecrafts as close as we have rn.
second life..
"Connectedness." The irony of it all.
yeah, maybe covid wasn't hard enough and we should gotten the asteroid instead, just saying.
This is too exciting!
the moment the guy said "yeah thats the thing...", CBS abruptly cut the recording as they scrambled to buy the property for $3k
This was introduced in the series Supergirl and before that the matrix. Gigglung they'll take your mind and yoy will not leave at all. Everyone who is taking part of this and thinking they are exempt of veing captured both physically and mentally has been lost. Good bye to you and your "loved ones". Sadly people have to use technology to reach the ultimate experience. Thing that every single MIND lacks.
Imagine how AI entering the game world just like #GenArt to it's NFT called #meworm
The time has come. If we dont push back against this, it's ALL OVER!
for everyone here saying "nah mate.. this will fall" successfully turn themself into early internet boomer
 @Santiago Roldan  those that don't adapt are literally going to be left behind. As someone in VR a couple hours a day I see some old people sitting on swing sets staring into the abyss irl. They just have no clue
 @Santiago Roldan  We are literally still making fun of crypto.
 @Qwonk  there are the engineers, the boomers, and the consumers. Engineers can view the products that they design like boomers do, so just because someone doesn't agree with one innovation doesn't mean they're being left behind. Especially when they understand it.
 @meanls1  How would “digital vaccines” even work?
Lovely quick introduction to a topic/platform ... I'm fuzzy about.
"And the market will determine what those moments are valued at" i just threw up in my mouth a little. Can't wait until the people who record on their phones at concerts are monetarily incentivized to do so!
Travis Scott would be less dangerous if all his concerts were virtual..
Looking forward to this game !
Brand new generational wealth 
So it seems like MetaVerse is a dream within a dream within another dream within a taco inside a burrito 
The metaverse is basically going to be a real-life simulation mixed with the gaming world. Basically, you can turn anything into life in this virtual world. That's why im looking forward for Metaversus.
So VR chat lounges with videogames on the side, which already currently exist? Why do you think their all starting their own "metaverses" instead of one single platform.
People need to spend LESS time in front of screens not more. We’re created to be social creatures not antisocial cave dwellers
You do realize this make it’s a million times easier to socialize across the world.
 @Brian Oglow  that’s not the purpose ..it’s to be able to engage with people whom may be framed to far of a travel to see or business meetings it’s much more then just being in front of a screan
 @real8T3 real8T3  just keep an eye on this and remember my words. People will enter this cyber world and won’t want to come out. If you’ve ever played Second Life you’ll know first hand what I mean. It’s a huge trap
Looking forward to real world nature hikes, beaches, with no crowds as everyone stays at home in their fake world bubbles
Game so real ! You gotta ask yourself if you’re in one right now…
Glad I'm in my late 60's
I think living in a digital world is gonna be even more detrimental to human communication and interaction than it is even now. All the dystopian novels I’ve ever in my life are coming to fruition, and I am young enough to where I will witness economic collapse. It’s coming folks. Another distraction to make us forget ourselves. The beauties of the real world are way better than living in an artificially manufactured world.
2:10 lady, the difference between a pair a shoes and Robux is that you can wear one of them and they serve a useful purpose in life as opposed to filling the pockets of the company executives at Robux just so you can hang out with your friends. Also, when you were growing up you didn't have to pay anyone to hang out with your friends. What is society coming to when we need to pay to hang out with friends. Disgusting!
This is nothing new if you've ever spent time in or heard of Second Life.
Will therapy sessions be virtual also? Will they be affordable in the metaverse?
Always figured I'd become a gamer when I'm old and immobile.
Real like augmented reality and holograms are a must for this to succeed in the real world. Will not be too practival under vr
5:06  … Yes … just as terrifying as everything else going on right now.
Crazy, wierd, imaginations, innovations .. ... Whatever we wanna call these.... but this is surely coming
Sony is probably kicking themselves for dumping PlayStation Home…
I KNOW!!! Xbox will turn their avatars into NFT's or a virtual world, where you earn NFT's! This could get REALLY COOL! I Always thought, IDK PS...don't give up Home...The future is virtual...
this is the ultimate finesse by big tech
The way they look in the game means more to them than what they look like in real life? How'd that happen.
Quite sick isn't it? And kids are living this? What kind of "human beings" will they become? Zonked out!!!
Reporter: What fo you think the catalyst was?Responder: The real world sucks so we had to create a new oneAll this means that we’re making real life in VM Ware
1. no one wants to wear 2:00 all day everyday (like asking people to use those ancient room-sized computers, its not gonna fly)2. Every business/ event that offers experiences will add an 'enhanced' version, think 3D movies add +x$ to ticket, but literally everything can be customized3. The metaverse platform would imo have to be universal regardless of company (Windows and Mac still access the same sites), no one wants to buy a computer only to access 1/3 -1/2 of internet.  Anything entertainment will be interesting, have people at an event in person, while also having people at the event virtually (they can see/ interact with ea other).Invite friends to your group (so theyd spawn in), also could optionally switch instances (WorldofWarcraft layers etc)Businesses might bring back popup ads (any sign/ logos in your LoS would auto turn into one), people will hate majority of them, they get disabled for anyone actively driving etc.
I wonder what would happen if you applied 10 million years of thinking to solving real world problems?
Create a jpeg to become a NFT ? What an idea is that ? Selling the next stage of  narcism after capitalizing the moving imaging self through social media?
If I wanted to conquer the minds and souls of the world this be the way I'd do it
Fortnite is metaverse? What is wrong with these people? Lol Fortnite has been around for many years. It's not metaverse bro, you're not edgy for saying "mEtAvErSe", it's a 3d shooter lol with microtransactions, duh.
This is how I’m feeling…. But really it’s just a way to get more people in these games to create more moneys based on the fake scarcity of video game micro transactions. I remember when tix were a thing on roblox
Metaverse is the future. Comes with risks. I hope security futures are robust.
A bit dissapointed that there was no mention of VR in this, thats where the metaverse gets interesting.
If given the chance I would trade back the internet, to live in 1989 again.  This dystopian digital world sucks.
Looks like the perfect recipe for true depression.   These systems will  work for the "CONTROLLERS"We have an innate need to physically feel, touch, hold, breathe, taste multiple stimulus simultaneously.  I  understand that these systems are engineered to tap into the serotonin and other mechanisms in our brain and nervous systems to produce certain outcomes but it CAN NOT/WILL NOT be able to replace  REAL experiences in the REAL world.
Im thankful that I have a memory of Earth before the information age.
Meanwhile thousands of children are still dying every day from hunger... but sure lets use our money to buy robucks so our kids' avatars look cool in the metaverse.
Ik that part made me turn away from this idea
That's how I feel about tattoos. My younger friend who was a staunch supporter of the $15.00 minimum complained about not making enough money washing dishes part time at Red Lobster and working at a used car dealer cleaning and detailing the cars they bring in from auctions. He worked hard, but as he complained about money I stood there looking at him with his $6,000 worth of tattoo work all over his body. Seems like every time he had $400-$500 in his pocket he would run down to the tattoo studio. It was like his second home lol.
What if we build very immersive exp. would it possible we might be in one of our metaverse and forget to remove vr :P
I'm absolutely loving the boomer comments on this video lol. Since you were clearly old enough when the internet first came out, think back to how you initially felt when that was gaining steam. You would be just as stupid to downplay NFTs, blockchain, web3 etc. as you would be to downplay the internet in the late 90s. Use your brain, think of the future applications of this technology and not just what you see at face value today.
Well, despite all the gains from the internet, the internet as a whole was a total lose for the simplicity and beauty of the physical world and the morality of the human race.
I think almost everybody missed her sarcasm
When I see in which direction mankind goes I'm glad that I won't live forever.
What can I say? I am soooo glad my childhood was in the 70s and 80s. I have zero interest in participating in some phony world when there's one to explore outside. I'm very scared for the younger generation tbh.
I'm only in my 30s and wish I have time and money to go and explore the real world. And as someone who plays video games, I'm just tired at looking at 3D rendered worlds too.
Successful people don't become that way overnight, most people see at a glance-wealth, a great career purpose is the result of hard work and hustle over time. I pray that anyone who reads this will be successful in life.
Hello, I'm new to Bitcoin trade and I've been making huge Losses but recently I see a lot people earning from it. please can someone tell me what I'm doing wrong
all you need is a professional trader else you will continue making losses
That's true! As a beginner who doesn't understand how Bitcoin trade really works and you really want to make profit from it. I will advise you to first start working with a professional broker
I highly recommend Jessica Robert, she is my current trader and her strategies are working perfectly
Wow I'm amazed you mentioned Jessica Robert, she is the best and her strategies work Like magic. I've been making over 300% of my investment weekly since I started investing with her trading service.
Jessica Robert really is doing a lot of people a genuine favor with her daily signal! I've earned alot also
My first investment with Ms Jessica Robert gave me profit of over € 24,000 and ever since then she has never failed to deliver and I can even say she's the most sincere broker I have known
I came across this name while reading an article on CNBC, But i wasn't given much information about her. Could you pass along her info because i would love to try out her service for myself?
Message her on wasApp
+1
We've had 2nd life and VR chat for years. I don't see how this is going to be so much better. Seems a lot like the same ideas just with cryptoshit thrown in.
vr chat(CAPITALIST EDITION!)
Imagine if you join metaverse, then use your skill to hunt boss like the movie, what about Zombie World Z? I saw their test VR mode, so amazing, can give you have good experience. With ROI 20 days, don't worry.
Everytime I step into my quest its like traveling somewhere..
Hilarious. Been talking about the Metaverse for the past 15 years and no one had a clue. Now it's as public as Facebook overnight
Awe sweet, man made horrors beyond my comprehension
Everyone this is the end times of reality
Nobody gets it yet and I love it !
this is a joke, what real-life benefit does this even provide? this metaverse stuff is starting to look like the biggest fad of the entire decade.
lol, it was like cartoons were grooming us all this time and now we want to become one and basically live in the virtual world people created them in.
Might be a good idea to buy Bitcoin and a few other Alts, Oracle's, Interoperability platforms and in that bag get some Gaming/NFTs/ Metaverse/ Ai and carbon credit trading platforms.
So 60 minutes makes a nearly 7 minute video explaining the metaverse…. They must not have Deaf people in this because the Metaverse apparently does not come with closed captioning. At least it’s not captioned at the time of this writing.  Clue:  if you’re wondering why I’m not a subscriber, none of their videos are captioned as required by law.
Imagine if you could own an acre in fortnite, and then sell that a year later to Nike to build their HQ in fortnite for 50x profit, I think most people would take that deal, and the world would keep on turning. (its happening right now in Decentraland and Sandbox). Metaverse is just a new paint on virtual worlds (games) that have existed for 20yrs. What makes it "metaverse" and not just another gameworld is the ability to take assets you own in the game and trade them outside of the game. Instead of the game company controlling the individual game items (skins, weapons, land), you can own them on the blockchain and sell/trade them on an open market. Just be sure to avoid companies that try to close off their marketplace to keep money from transferring out of their ecosystem.
No joke. I feel like lawmakers snd legislators need to do something about this.
So technically, the people she interviews could be thin, handsome and speak English without an accent. Naw, I wouldn't pay for that. Why not embrace the human condition? Seems like online dating where photos lie
Why embrace the human condition? But also I’m sure (eventually when laws catch up to the technology) everyone online will have a traceable IDs. Like public IP addresses.
We are already living in a matrix, we don't need a another matrix in a matrix...we'll end up with Skynet and the rise of the machine...  All this reminds me of the Demolition man movie with Stallone.. man 90s action movies we're the best!
METAHERO is going to be huge in this space.
Its making me bank!!
If we lived in the metaverse instead of this one it could save the planet from global warming. No need to drive to events, socialise, take planes to attend a social event. It could just save so much wasted things in the world
I don’t know why people are so negative about the future . This is very exciting especially for those of us who love playing video games and not going to work. Amazing technology
Yes, people was really negative when they found out that ‘smart phones’ will become a thing and here they are using it everyday. This will be the same for 3D virtual network and augmented reality.
I'm being shadowbanned. I hate YouTube
 @nwo detox  bro wtf does liberal and trump have to do with technology
Fact check: convergence is a word. ️
"Second Life" was completely forgotten...
 @Pietro Tomei  I am not familiar with this game.
 @Pietro Tomei  very interesting. I'll  research it
 @Rodrigo Abdo  YES
And the MATRIX will become real in a few years, and we will all live in it.
Okay so I’m not going crazy ️
nope not me i refuse to be part of this new normal matrix crap!
Maybe we'll even have teleporters! LOL
We will stop it by force
maybe we are already in it
Matrix is the Devine mothers womb , which we are in now . Aka Mother Nature she has her web of life . Known as the spider goddess
 @Derek Aitken  I agree. "Living in the metaverse" is a choice that only stupid people are ok with doing.
I also am excited about going to the beach and having no problem parking - seeing no one when I go hiking in Yellowstone. Keep yourself in the fake world while I enjoy the real world with real friends.
When the price of a VR soda is one dollar
Buying experiences. Finding excitement and enable learning in these excitements.
I mean, who wants to spend time in the real world....this is just sick.
To understand the metaverse just watch Ready player one
I’m learning to make 3D assets. Avatars and worlds and little items~ idk! Eventually, they should be worth something as demand rises.
Same, I want to create characters with full backstories and sell them as NFTs
Yay lets bring micro transactions to real life... awesome!
I guess I should think of changing my career to being a therapist. This next generation of kids will make the demand for them high when they become adults.
First, identifying "The Metaverse" as requiring VR to be "included" is a marketing thing by VR companies, specifically Facebook. Right after saying this, this goes into talking about features in Fortnite which were all in Second Life, except well Fortnite is in VR right? Um, nope, there is less than 1/10th of 1% of people who've played Fortnite who have played it in VR since technically it doesn't even exist yet. All of the 'virtual land grab?' Second Life also. Everyone was going to get rich on virtual land. Universities held classes in virtual space (really...) in Second Life, Oh wait... Second Life didn't even start this. There was Active Worlds 30 YEARS AGO that had vr land, university classes, concerts, night clubs, clothing, cars, space ships, sex clubs, etc... all in the virtual world. I know, I had a whole virtual world there myself. (You could purchase your own virtual world and you would show up on the list of available worlds. You could even limit who could come in, etc...) Active Worlds is still around for those who are interested in the real history of this. Upland inspired by Stranger Things? Um, nope... again, virtual real estate sales have existed for decades in Second Life. But Upland has real world addresses and NFT's you say? Well think about it, the virtual land doesn't really require NFT's since it isn't like anyone can hand out copies of your virtual world. The real world addresses? Active Worlds and Second Life had these. But you have an NFT of that real world address? No, actually, you have an NFT of that version of a real world address. There is nothing stopping someone from making another version of that real world location, and better. But it's the first, so it has historical value... Um no, since as was mentioned it's so late to the 'real world addresses in a virtual world' that no one will care. it's a gimmick. In short, this is pure marketing bs. We need real technological breakthroughs to actually distance any version of 'metaverse' from it's predecessors and make something people will actually care about more than 3d movies. Don't get me wrong, there are real things to get excited about with VR and AR, with projects that are working towards this. The 'Metaverse' as specked out isn't it.
Get help from 
This reminds me of Bruce Willis movie...This will not end well!!! I'm scared for the world especially humanity.
I think this technology if perfect for seniors!  This and mushrooms is gonna be my retirement
Meta?! Might stand for ‘metastasis’. When the social media cancer refuses to go in remission.
Pandemic was conditioning. Really hope this doesn’t work, scares me to be a part of this generation.
“We’re talking about a company that was inspired by stranger things and monopoly” “Yeeeaahhh”“That’s almost terrifying” No it’s pretty terrifying. In the distant future these guys might be called visionaries. Not rn tho
I've been investing in the financial markets for 3yrs now and overall I have made tons of profits, indeed the time and effort are worth it especially now that my portfolio's even bigger
This is scary…. There are so many Sci-fi horror movies of this coming in the past
Very sad. People get out into the real world and see what GOD has created for us, meet new people remember never meet a stranger.
finally time has caught up
Is anyone going to tell them that MMOs have been around since the 90s
Yup big tech is just branding it now
I’m now thinking about how the younger people gonna say look how our parents were on parties in real life taking videos and photos and now we live just in the vr, take me back in time to the 20s  it’s crazy 
the fact that this world is infinite means there's no end or limitations for hierarchies. lots of people will be at the bottom, at extremely low bottom compared to the tops of an infinite world!
If it's virtual-digital then anyone can make a virtual space of the planet and put it on the block chain.  So it's not worth it if it's not unique. Not to mention using someone's address and likeness then not paying for it. Ripe for a lawsuit.
This is sad  RIP  reality.
Anyone in here wanna form a group of real people in the real world when this ish hits the fan?
بدل ما نفكر نحل مشاكل المجتمع منعقد الحياة اكثر برافو برافو بأستهزاء طبعاً
Now how do I play flash and shockwave games from the 2000's in this?
Asking the real questions
Asking the real questions
This iteration is this company’s monopoly.   But the minute it’s released into the wild.  For people to build on the idea their work will be paid for exponential growth  and then with advertisers putting their NFT closest to the action. Ie signage on a wall. I thought of this and more 20 years ago.  Now imagine walking into a mall to go shopping both for your avatar and for your physical closet.
"Think of NFT's as memorabilia" So garbage is what he is describing. Blockchains most important use is for voting, everything else are just children playing with a fancy new toy. Lame.
Exactly... it's  REDICULIOUS
 @Sunny Browne  no, you don’t understand how the world works
 @Serenelove520  even if he did, what's being discussed here is how the world WILL work in a couple decades when the Metaverse is commonplace and adopted by the mainstream. Even if you agree with it or not, if you think it's utopian or distopian, if you are old-fashioned or a futurist, this is the future. This will happen.
Simply put, it's the Matrix.
She cant explain it well. Imagine you wake up on a monday. You will be able to go to work in the metaverse, then see your doctor, then maybe go to a lounge and hang with friends and have a drink (the drink will be in your real hands). Then maybe a day or two later you can sign back on and attend a concert or a football game then after you've sinned enough, go back on and attend church, followed by an AA meeting. Can you see the potential now? and all of this will cost money. The metaverse will be your alternative world where everything you do now can happen virtually. It will have limitations, but still this is where the next generation of humans will be soon.
Life is Officially Becoming A Video Game.... Learn How To Play It
Exciting times, infinite possibilities
If you thought things couldn’t get more dystopian. Capitalism-‘hold my beer I’m selling virtual property’.
The end of society as we know it.
You can just go to Wild Wings if you want to go back to the 90’s. Every now and then you will see a tough biker in there while Nickelback is playing. Rare but it happens.
That's what they said in 10000 bc when someone invented farming. Society will change and it will not end
Thank god
No you will just end just like me and time will go on. And the kids that are born today will say the same thing when VR is old and we are onto something else.
No just a niche
Ok boomer
Nah bro it's just beginning
.......and I feel fine.
No, it is like a new world order, whether individuals like it or not. Crowd mentality wins over individual mind.
Consciousness doesn't require you to live in a digital world.  I'd rather expand my consciousness in my awareness.
NFTs are like trading card games only like pokemon was really a good game but alot of ppl tried to make trading cards. Most projects are traps like this example to buy something that stands for nothing... is pretty much right on the money, some of the biggest NFT sales are potentially linked to money laundering
Our real world is painful. NoOne likes it. There's always a reason for something.
I think this is great news for the environment and the over population problem.  People live in their computers, never really meet, sex stops and the planet eventually recovers after we're gone.
So you just want slow genocide? Besides, this won't help the environment. Those gas gouging NFTs are causing more carbon emissions than necessary.
Actually it creates more energy and will need more land and building supplies when if it does expand.  You will need more clip processing plants and raw materials to do that. You need servers
Why have the real world when you can have a derivative of it…
Let us waste our lives by receeding into this profit driven mess instead of solving real problems and managing and creating REAL relationships. As a person in tech for 25 years, I am ashamed  .
As a gamer I don't find buying DLC revolutionary.  Build your own world?  The SIMS and Minecraft have been doing this for years.
Thinking of activities ( it’s not really a game) like fortnite: aged 12, in school holidays, you’d find me in a tent in the corner of a field in Hampshire, UK. I’d go hunting with my air rifle. When I shot a rabbit I’d skin and gut it. Then I’d wrap it in foil with salt, pepper and vegetables and cook it in the fire I’d built. The life skills I developed still work when there’s a power cut and could save my life and my family’s lives.
What if we are already in a video game? And we are just creating a video game in a video game? META
I am so disappointed of the comments here, so much fear and incompetence.This doesn't mean the world is over or anything bad is happening, this is a new phenomenon, just like Crypto currencies were (technically the same thing).Stop being so negative, and governments should jump on NFTs as soon as possible for identification and other such purposes, time to let the plastic cards go and have NFT based IDs and combined services like TAX, health insurance, ID and various licences and educational system all in one. So no forgery is possible.It is impossible to hack a blockchain, this should be used for serious things that can help people's lives.NFT is a great technology, but now idiocy is the only thing is being used for..
These huge companies are making NFTs which is an equivalent of driving a gas car 511 miles per NFT they make.  But they want you to reduce your energy impact. 
One more use of "Blockchain" I like it. Also the fact that there is a new market for sale of YouTube Viral scenes to NFT
 @Robot Munkee  Thank god that electricity can be made with renewable energy. So shut it.Now it has a relatively high carbon footprint, for another 5-10 years and then, nada... everyone will do this on renewables, since it is so much more profitable and can be completely privatised. Not to mention it is double profit if they sell the surplus energy to society..
So basically non physical or physical  memories of people and moments in time? Basically a photograph? We have things like that, and theyre in museums and flea markets.
To create a world like Matrix, I think we are still 20 years away, at least
I love the idea of puting vibranium shield in my den of wolvesthe idea didnt come from stranger things alone, it is now been watched, movies like wreck it ralph, and i dunno maybe asians has bbs movie but i already want a weapon to control everything in that blockchain worldlets hope the fture is F.U.N so i can use diablo3 weapons or asians mythical petsfor my fort!
The fact that Upland accepts credit card aside from cryptocurrency as a form of payment spells doom for cryptocurrency.
We're already in a simulation. change my mind
A new way to catfish. Cant wait to see this on MTV
It is an ingame purchase, like a skin or gun you buy in a game.
I'm computer illiterate. Will someone please tell me what NFT means?
Not Effing True...NFT
 @Justin Griffin  cool
Non fungible tokens
It's blockchain art. Once you understand Blockchains and distributed ledgers, the names they call these cryptocurrencies and concepts attached to their respective blockchains won't matter, at least at the basic level.
Is this the only way my generation will be able to afford anything?
i must make my own home studio. I like this. I shall incorporate this into my future ideas.
People getting to Zoom to make meeting calls doens't mean that they want to live there. People actually hates Zoom calls.
While the common gullible crowd consume the content they made, the uncommon will capture every resource possible and then there will be a better world with better human race who don't buy things but create one.
The world are getting weird..this weirdness will become the new norm...you can't resist this change especially with the new generation
How stupid would you feel after you paid 3000 for cbs on a game SMH 555
Since the episode aired that property has probably flipped 3x.
 @Greenhrnet  maybe but like anything else in life things get old and fade out. People with money will play around with it and then get bored and move on to something else. Then someone will get left holding the bag.
 @3  like anything else in life.. No risk no reward... This is very low risk for potentially large rewards
Ten years ago, kids spending real money in video games would have been thought of as stupid as well but here we are.
 @Gordymax  plus the majority of gamers are young adults and kids. With very limited funds. This scam is for people with money. People  who don't have a lot of money will get scammed into buying one of these properties thinking they are going to get rich. Then sell it for a lose just to get some of their money back.
Is there a hiking game? I want to be hike virtually as it was in the real world.
Everybody, have fun. See how fast the metaverse humans come back to get REAL FOOD, or need to sleep in a real bed.  If this concept sticks, who will clean the streets, who will prepare your food, and I really hope you do not get sick because they will take you to a virtual hospital, in the other hand real workers need to get paid better because they will enable you  to keep living in  your fantasy world just leave us your money and keep thriving in your meta mind.  enjoy your virtual intimacy!!!!!!
They been getting these kids ready for this new world
If you’re giving your kids money to spend in the metaverse, maybe you’re not a great parent
What a pathetic future.  I feel so sorry for the next generation that will spend their lives in a virtual world while the real world passes them by. :-(
The only good thing about covid is it will accelerate the metaverse
by definition you can create these virtual worlds ad infinitum, so the only universe where "property" will have value is the one with the most users. Its basically whatever has the most eyes on, just like a page in a website or a mobile app screen, only in 3d and rendered on VR devices potentially. So if there is a world that is very popular and someone hangs out in there near a virtual empire state building, any ad space on that building would be valuable.
Interesting comment. We are headed into an attention economy after all (already are in some ways)
 @MemeticMindset  LOL in my opinion it existed since way back but it has accelerated hugely in the 1990s and later due to the world wide web and the "convergence".
️….future last words….”…damn, forgot to look up from my screen and live life in the real world…”
Imagine being the first to sell the first proverbial bridge in metaverse
This is sick!!!
The movie Ready player one came out in 2018. And here we're. Life imitating "art".  But those who aren't sleep understand the bigger picture about what this really means
It came out in 2011. It means corporations will be even more powerful
 @OHCAM5  no it didn't. That movie came out in 2018
 @D- Sean  The book came out in 2011
 @OHCAM5  my comment clearly said THE MOVIE,  not the book. Movie is visual, book is literature
 @D- Sean  both are visual. Unless you read differently than the rest of us. And both are art
 @OHCAM5  what part of MOVIE don't you get ? If you look up the MOVIEA release date, is it gonna say 2018 or 2011? What part of book don't you get? Or are you one of those ppl who can't admit when they're wrong ?
 @D- Sean  The "art" it's imitating is the book not the movie
Look into Marks co founder and see who he has funded and what his money goes into. That alone should have you running away from metaverse
So metaverse is digital transactions? Lmfaoo been happening for a while its now new  
Mrs sonia is legit and her method works like magic I keep on earning every single week with her new strategy.
Wow I' m just shock someone mentioned expert Mrs Sonia I thought I'm the only one trading with her
She helped me recover what I lost trying to trade my self
I think I'm blessed because if not I wouldn't have met someone who is as spectacular as expert Mrs Sonia
I think that she is the best broker I ever seen
Thanks for introducing me to Mrs Sonia
Yes I'm also a living testimony of expert Mrs Sonia
Mrs sonia has changed my financial status for the best all thanks to my aunty who introduced her to me
Her success story is everywhere
Oh I hope this bubbles so much. It's a stupid idea. it's digital, not material.One could create stuff before, did not need nft's. Sure it might make sense for certain "original" digital assets, but not most. The beauty of digital stuff is that it is copy-able. To now limit it, is only to hinder stuff to be shared. Owning happens in your head. You don't "own" anything, possession is mmostly a human concept. And a stupid one at that. A next move to make people more dependent. But it's basically a fancy version of
Looks like the SpongeBob movie where planton had everyone following orders in a bucket hat
I like the ideal seems very futuristic
Metaverse? Persona? We need the phantom theives! Ryuji and that cat who tells you to go to bed steal hearts
Get help from 
Now we get to enjoy Reality...Go Ahead Guys!B4 u go...Who's gonna fix the Gen when power cuts?!
The best thing one can do now is investing in Bitcoin / cryptocurrency.... Earning 3x of my monthly salary from trading Bitcoin within one week is overwhelming.
I have been trading offshore I'm still yet to earn my first $100, What strategy do you use please?
I was winning in demo before i started a live account... All I can say is that I lost a sum of $1800 on three different attempts...
 @Ethan James  Growing an account requires dedication and patience, bitcoin is new Gold.
 @Ethan James  As a Bitcoin investment trader, it's almost inevitable that you are going to experience some ups and downs along the way. Alertness and deceiveness are both fundamental ingredients in the recipe for a successful forex trader.
I thought of investing in forex in 2019 but i was discouraged by my friends, is it safe investing in it now?
I'm close to retirement.... Please how does one start this bitcoin trading?
 @Carolyn Stuckton  The success behind  my profit is solely on my skills, but by the help of investing with an expert.
 @Carolyn Stuckton  I am recommending you to Mr Harvey  Barrett FX , best Crypto Analyst and Accountant Manager!
 @Carolyn Stuckton  Harvey Barrett Fx
I’m sure this won’t be addictive and hazardous to society..
I'm sorry second life is better example since its been around for almost 17 years and has  so many option for builders and creators for everything avatar needs.
Guess what?U dont have to do it ..It's ok to be normalThey said it's not stealing if they give it away and u fell for it.
BSCStation is about to launch the metaverse MStation game, consider holding BSCS from now on to fight, the price is good.
3:15 the first mistake is calling it a game.
So “Ready Player One” is coming to an ip address near u....on the positive side less lines at in&out burger
Looks a lot like second life, with crypto added..
Metaverse, congrats on promoting the earth2 scandal. See you in court
I like VR. VR games and environments are fun. I don't want to be immersed in VR and have it integrated into daily life. People's social skills have already degraded with the invention of social media. Now put them into fake worlds all day for both work & play and goodbye humanity. I'll take real interactions + self development over synthetic environments any day. Sure it'd be nice to visit places I'd NEVER go, like a volcano, but anywhere else, I want to physically be there to see sights, smell smells, feel feels, experience different energies. VR and AR can't replace that. But, of course, numerous people will gladly jump at the chance to live their lives like a video game, meanwhile their body and mind degrade.
The metaverse would be four dimensions not three dimensions. Congratulations showing that you do know real research and neither do your writers.
We create anything in vr and the earth is running out of space and resources. This makes sense
It's not the new social..it's just a different iteration both will exist side by side
Laugh out loud! Tech companies are trying to brand the internet traffic now. This funny because we been online fir years. The tech companies are just branding the online traffic.
The people commenting are the same people who miss the bitcoin bubble lol

If you actually own a property address that is listed on the virtual site, isn’t that an illegal use of a property?
The Metaverse has to be better than the Internet to gain traction, e.g. protect our privacy from snooping neighbours, which the Internet is terribly bad at.
Better still, the system could alert us to snoopers automatically, with details to serve as evidence of sneaky doings/ harassment which could provide a basis for  legal action to stop the nuisance.It would be like real life - we should be able to know who is lurking outside our home, right, right?Transparency at another level - how awesome would that be?
Even better still, it could relay the information directly to the virtual police without us lifting a finger, so the police could snoop in the snoopers, failing which if the act continues, they can knock on real life doors with a warrant.How cool would that be? I am sure the governments would welcome some help to save resources. The Metaverse would be a gem to them, right, right, dear leaders?Got to take a walk to stop this verbal deluge. Later.
Hmmm...did I hear a system being rebooted? Hahaha...:D
The Internet isn't responsible for your privacy. You are. Stop using services that don't respect you as a human bring.
Privacy and Freedom, I disagree. Should we stop using pubic toilets if they do not have doors? Or hotels that do not care if they have cameras that snoop on guests? Should we not expect some level of privacy because we paid for those services?
I know as soon as I'm going in there, they're gonna pull some Sword Art Online, Spy Kids 3, crap.
Guess this is preparing the block chain for property rights
Absolutely all of this….. is about price speculation.   Creating something worthless & hoping the price will increase.   Pure speculation.   It’s exactly the same as the spec derivatives market on Wall Street that destroyed the world economy in 2008, and a few times before.What’s happening here is the price to participate in this speculation market is drastically dropping.When I worked on Wall Street in the 1990’s only millionaires (accredited investors) could participate in speculative investments.Now with NFTs,…children and poor people can spend their hard earned money on worthless digital properties and hope they go up.   It’s EXACTLY the same as scratch-offs  and penny stocks.We are going backwards.   BUT…..this is entirely different than the massive revolution coming from decentralized finance and other blockchain systematic changes.   Its very exciting!PS - I do NOT work in the finance markets anymore.  I ran screaming from that shitshow  after 4 years.
Sounds like a bunch of shenanigans and tomfoolery if ya ask me. I miss the days playing jacks and checkers.
Were you skeptical to sell your horse and sit on top of a combustion engine? I wouldn't blame you, I think a lot of people were.
I feel you sir
 @Greenhrnet  Cars will never work, as there is no place to put the hay.
 @Greenhrnet  for real like why can’t we bring back horses and send letters like back in the days this is stupid
You better get those fighting shooting killing three-dimensional realistic war video games out of the hands of the kids. They're going to grow up and already are grown up to act this out for real in the streets as soon as they get to early adulthood. Much, to the puppetry enjoyment of the military-industrial complex and the fossil fuel corporations. In case you can't figure out who's behind distributing those violence video games to the kids.
Earth2, upland and Veve. All going to be massive.
Ultra Blockchain gaming if you type of Google is going to let you play games without investing and you can sell games on there also many game developers are getting involved.
Now 60 minutes, look at the downside of this
So many negative comments. I will be the first comment that I know of (without digging too deep) to be FOR NFTs and crypto. I remember years ago when ppl had VERY similar reactions and opinions on Bitcoin and the like. It's the ppl who can't understand, comprehend, or think critically that lack the ability to realize a revolutionary industry.I'm not saying that NFTs will take over society, but simply stating that their use-cases are deep, and full of breadth.The Smart individuals will continue to utilize the benefits, and make the most of the technology that can revolutionize our culture, creativity, entertainment, and so much more.That is all.Your welcome, future me.

Im for crypto. I think it will be amazing having a currency that the governments cant manipulate. NFTs Im  not so sure but only because I dont know much about it.
 @Akram Choudhary  Obviously it is inherently risky. But it can't hurt to Study it, and learn more about it. Several of the richest individuals and businesses (in the world) are backing crypto.
Selling digital real estate , the greatest scam ever! 
Yup, the old classic question also comes to mind, what happens if the company goes bankrupt or some natural disaster damaged the server or may a government in the world decides to ban people from playing it? Do we get a refund?
10 MILLION YEARS PLAYING FORTNITE WHATT
I attended the Canelo fight and a Rio Fight virtually Octculos
Is this good for children? What are the long term effects on their brains?
My bag is full of Decentraland, Enjin, Sandbox, Solana etc.. Everybody should be doing the same
Put together the Gold Rush and Ponzy Schemes and you will get everyone buy everything, just a bubble
People use to make fun of online dating. Now its the main way people date. If you don't see this happening then you're naive.
THE QUEST 2 ($300) only REQUIRES A WIFI a MOBILE device to setup, but you will need a WIFI connection to connect to Internet, if you have a PC you can use it to play games on your PC in VR..
DON'T BREAK YOUR BRAIN!Safeguard your mindSafeguard your heartSafeguard your soul!Safeguard your family!
GME To The Moon!
We all knew this was gonna happen. I am also looking forward to going to Mars for vacation and possibly marriage. 
This is insane
The world is an insane thing.
So… you’re paying thousands of dollars for a jpeg that you dont even own the copyright to after purchasing it to play an online game, similar to many other free ones?NFT buyers really need to touch some grass…
There's this brand new crypto called "Meta cat" (MCAT) you don't wanna miss this one, it's the first meme token of meta, imagine the doge or shib of meta, growing every second
The internet and video games are proof that The Matrix is real.
M E T A H E R O will change the future! #BeYourOwnHero

Spat metaverse tokens are purchasable through pancake swap!
The matter behind a Marketing "Why Someone buy NFT" they set our minds, I can see Wheat crop on my land only and it will be much worthy in future, other side 2.9 Billions peoples on earth are offline living without internet
Does anyone think NFT is a good idea?? This is no use to normal people unless they stumble upon some rare situation(someone photographed  the first Alien or something).
Worthless report , done by someone that seems like it's their broadcasting job.
I don't want this! lol i like real life.
 @pika52  missing out on staring at a screen all day and/or brain chip implants.
 @spaniel_dad  yes. Cool right?
Times are changing old man. The world is moving into the hands of millennials and Gen Z.
 @Vrsce01  No, the world is moving into the hands of programmers. You have no power, cog.
Do you finding play to earn + metaverse game? Zombie world Z is not bad for you with 2d mode and metaverse mode. Gameplay so attracting by must to combine Perk, Hero, Pet, Skill to build a best team
Yep, we're doomed
definitely Diabetes rates will Climb like a rocket if lots of people are addicted to this VR...I thought hunting for Pokemon was weird. This Metaverse takes it to another cringy level.
Get help from 
Idk about ya’ll but I like the physical space/real world. I’m not a robot or computer I’m a living, breathing, human being with a soul! Technology is definitely going to be the death of us. This getting outta control.
So someone somewhere might be owning my house and I have no clue, let alone they might be selling it and make a profit, I just want to know who they are so they can pay my property taxes and insurance, is that fair enough?
It's kinda like the new social network...no it isn't! It's the beginning of the continuity into the MATRIX!!!
Glad my parents would have told me to go outside and play if I asked them for robucks
The journalist wasn't particularly good
Bitcoin is the future, investing in it now will be the wisest thing to do especially with the current rise in bitcoin
I made $13,800 within 6days of trading
 @Emmy James  you're lucky
 @Peace Emmanuel  most people don't invest due to ignorance.
People are scared of investing because of the high rate of scam in the business. There are scammers but real brokers are out there for investors
 @Mary Author  You are absolutely right but we also have lots of expert, real ones with certificate and firm IDS out there waiting for investors
I think I'm blessed because if not I wouldn't have met someone who is as spectacular as expert like Mr Nicholas Burke-Gaffney, he helped me recover what I lost trying to trade for myself
 @Yusuf Ibrahim  mr Nicholas is really good and everyone loves genuine services, he has helped me recover all I lost trying to trade on my own
He's really amazing I still can't believe someone can be this exceptional when it comes to Bitcoin activities
 @Anthony Lisa  No doubt Mr Nicholas is very good, I invested $5000 and cashed out $28,800 after 7days, I still wonder how he get his analysis
Welcome to our Metaverse ladies and gentlemen. This stuff is pretty cool ngl.
Man im in the house dancing around by myself with big goggles on after 30m boringggg  I'd  rather play with a 1000pc Lego block set  or wood working  nothing will ever beat reality and physical based connections.
Somnium Space is by far the best Metaverse
nft scams aren't the metaverse. Sorry.
Physical socialization will be change forever!!
Ah yes, let's encourage people to buy into scams.
This is a major door for AI to take over humanity.

How is it not illegal to create unlicensed securities based on real world real estate properties??  Someone needs to stop this before the bubble completely ruins MANY things...
Naw, keep your filthy government off of the blockchain.
But I don’t understand.... you could make as meny worlds as you want. So there is unlimited supply...
Learning to hate yourself , this is the first step into the matrix type life, what a sad future.
Did 60 minutes just promote Ponzi schemes?
I guess n p buy this scheme
The more time goes on the more we need GOD to save us again this is evil
This is the beginning of the Matrix…….life imitates Art.
Or getting deeper into the Matrix
This is Dungeons and Dragons 2.0 horseshit. It has no utility.
Do you even understand the application of the blockchain? Think about buying a home, now think about buying that home almost instantaneously through a public general ledger documenting it forever that can’t be tampered with and can always be traced, proving ownership in almost anything you want to recognize on the blockchain. that is also decentralized, meaning no government or company can change it, only use it. “It has no utility” lmfao what a stupid take
Ok Boomer
 @Gabe  basically it has no utility
Bruh what a boomer
 @Gabe  So you can buy your little digital clothes and accessories which will become utterly redundant once you step in to real world?good point.
If people were fighting over with each other in Facebook now they will fight over in 'real life'...lol
Confused. Where the money come from to buy things in the virtual world if more and more people get into the virtual world?
Sad to see 60min turn into a Fake News show.
The guy interviewed at the end seems like a scammer. What the use of owning virtual restate on google maps is beyond reasonability.
Its funny because even the physical world is not real....Reality is subjective
Artificial intelligence will put us into the metaverse and take over earth
This is nuts. How can sane people believe that what's been modelled in a computer has any significance at all?
So many people are suffering in this world with their basic needs not taken care of, yet persons can spend billions to create an illusions rather than to end suffering and make this world a better place.
So it's basically the internet then, everyone trying to rebrand everything. None of this sh!t is new 
This is nothing new we had club penguin  and it was a metaverse
Im not surprise about ALL this! This was discuss 30 years ago since Star Wars!
People never heard of second life
...so what's the actual point of this and what will happen to physical assets?
Ready Player One is already here, hold on to your butts!
Silicon valley always finds some creative ways to take real money from kids and stupid people.
I'm starting to wish I took the red pill 
Second Life has been doing this for 20 years.
New things(like this) that need a lot of explaining are hard to understand bcz they're purposefully made to waste the time and money of shut in participants. In-game purchases have been around much longer than 2021s buzzword NFT
Get help from 
VR lets people have remote social interaction like IRL.  Metaverse will monetize that value.
So how can u sell things someone else owns in real life . Major Lawsuits await for metaverse.
Too much of anything is harmful. Internet was to make things easier not replace the real life... smh
So why talk about virtual reality and then not even show footage of virtual reality  like you talked about the metaverse like it isn't already here. Vrchat, Altspace, Bigscreen. Just some of the applications that you could have shown. Instead of Fortnite. Which isn't even a VR game. The metaverse has been around for at least five years or more. So why don't you show footage of it?
say 'hi' to the real-life Matrix
Digital jail must be a torture..
Literally nobody see how this is just second life on steroids?
What is an NFT? What does it stand for?
Games? More like alternative artificial dimensions.
So i was just reading one of those google news stories suggestions on my cell... about a social platform company changing its name to meta... and people commenting on its new name bcuz in hebrew the word Meta means dead... So i was so what is metaverse and found this vid.
This is too f*cked up for me. I’m an analogue boy. 
Can we pump the brakes on this technology already??  Literally nobody asked for this
I think 60minutes posts these stories with ones like this to detect how naive their audience is.. Kinda like a canary in coalmine..   Green M&Ms removed from a bowl of M&Ms..
And what happens when this thing inevitably crashes?
Some people are dying in real world under rocket attacks, while others are wasting money buying digital air.
"Earth is finite".  With all the plants animals, cities,villages, different people.. for all intents and purposes its infinite for our short life to explore
And they're the master ruler gods of it. Cancel culture + metaverse = doomYou think kids now are depressed
How can we profit from this in the future?
I mean I’m an introvert but this is too much … and too soon.
Secretly we all know it's cool and we wanna taste of it but logically this will strip our humanity away
And its stupid, anyway.
Exited for the future 
The new phase: Its rapid and fiery decline
How is this different buying stars. 
Isn't this a decade old?
 so cool!
I think someone did this already. That's why we are here
Human beings have gotten really bored lol
We already have VR.. that I would argue not many people use.  This is more VR?
They didnt even mention Star Atlas. I guess thats the next level.
Buying virtual property……i can’t get with it, unless there’s real life physical benefits…I’m not hating, i just can’t see the benefit from it. The ones selling the virtual property i get, but the consumer, why?. I’m currently doing more research on it now.
There's going to be very disappointed people if the power goes down.
Yep the street or offline store / stages will going too quiet for future, people start to going event or gig's by online, youtube era will have big challenge but the hardware will going an expensive for starting this era
moments are about living
Think of all of that none productive time. 11 million years. Billions of hours.
Create your own family and friends in it and escape together
Consciouss people. Please. Dislike videos like that and flood them with negative comments. Gotta fight evil with evil. Stay True to Yourself
Real question where is all the resources going to come from? We already face climate change within the real world how are we going to support this what's the real price humanity will pay for a virtual world
And technological development will continue to exceed human maturity and the human capacity for wisdom... star wars technology, stone age psychology...
Dont disrespect club penguin like that :)
This is mark of the beast system.
No captions? Shame on YouTube and shame on 60 minutes.
This will be the downfall of humanity. Avoid the virtual world, seek out what is real.
Consciouss people. Please. Dislike videos like that and flood them with negative comments. Gotta fight evil with evil. Stay True to Yourself
What's the real world use of this? There is a limit to what virtual assets people will buy if they can't touch it. Right?
what a scam.  spending money on digital property that doesn't even exist️️️️
So...that bit in the end, was he talking about real $3,000?  Or fake money for games?
I just want to find out how I can make lots and lots of money off this, someone explain and help, I don't care about games I want the money
Seems like the thing lawsuits are made of.
This is WACK! Kids go out and hangout in the real world. Feel the sun, the fresh air etc…
Next up 3D NFT of naked celebrities  I can see all of the girls in OnlyFans jumping onboard this trend as another way to exploit their own bodies, I can't understand why people spend so much money on virtual things like jpegs ️ in game stuff makes sense a bit, but there are so much useless things getting sold as NFTs at ridiculous prices
at some point in the not so distant future humans would be able to transform to these worlds and that will be the new era of human evolution, immortality
I suspect some of these avatars will be way smarter than their real self they are portraying. Get a life and live in the real world with real experiences. Who knows, you could improve your lives getting off that couch.
It’s just called gaming
This is scary. I don’t want it.
Matrix you say, more like Spy Kids world.
Upland = Class-action law suit in 3… 2… 1…
The Napster of real estate.  How long before CBS sues him for selling (a virtual copy of) their headquarters to somebody else?
Why would anyone want your NFT?  Because you made it famous.
Hey 60 Minutes, how about you cover the rise in suicide, child abuse, and exploitation associated with this trend.  Maybe we should think twice about allowing our children to be raised by the internet.
Get help from 
Welcome to Creators economy,, either you are too old or too young, we will come and live in this space, so learn and adapt your business to stay relevant in the market...
The revolution of 2022, from the creators of the invaderverse come soon the new CRUSHED NFTs, what are you waiting for, look for us too!
Am seeing this right after Facebook shifts to the metaverse. Whose idea is it originally?
LOL, dat mask on the table. So much for precautions.
Consciouss people. Please. Dislike videos like that and flood them with negative comments. Gotta fight evil with evil. Stay True to Yourself
Travis Scott better off doing only those virtual concerts after what happened today
Take awhile to get to graphics like in Ready player one maybe by 2030s.
Even low detail toons looks great in VR.
Just look up "metahero trailer" they about to take over..its going worldwide starting in Dubai on October 17
Fools trying to control everything, as well as tracking everything. And don't forget targeted advertising.
Video calls is enough metaverse.
This is insanity
Roundhill Ball MetaVerse 
He's MJC3337 probably,  $3000 for virtual cbs studio in NY? Absurd
Scary! 
That world Doesn’t really exist, I hope people understand that it’s just a game, people with a game addiction will lose themselves and lose their fortunes to people who are invested in making fake worlds look real, again it’s not a real world, monopoly the board game wasn’t real.how much laws protect  these people from making you go bankrupt is it OK for them to steal your money over a game? I’m not interested even if the world logged on to a fake digital version world , you still have to have a real world job to insert your jpeg self in the meta verse .
So sad :(
Do you mean the matrix 
I see no pleasure in this...if I can't physically touch taste or smell it, no thanks...pretty stupid if you ask me that's not an "experience" it's an illusion and if I'm going to see someone in concert or my family I want to see the real living breathing blood human not an avatar
We in such a 'verse already !
KIds will never again leave their rooms... imagine the society they will build when they grow up.  I can envision huge dark warehouses with thousands of headset-wearing workers behaving like robots to produce virtual labor in a virtual space. Reality will be for the wealthy, virtuality will be for the working poor. How pathetic is that?
I prefer reality
People have been buying digital assets forever. Nothing new. But at least buy something cool not some trashy skin or e house LOL
Oooooohhhh kinda like Inception....got it 
Cool info…
Ok so we going into the actual Matrix now.
Consciouss people. Please. Dislike videos like that and flood them with negative comments. Gotta fight evil with evil. Stay True to Yourself
Company that admits openly with it's inspired by Monopoly
Sounds like  pet rock a way to make ez money in  a digital form.
Entertainment save the pixels. The online persona becomes real and monetized. Why not. Where anyone can attain world status. Of self. 
That’s “$3000”……… virtual dollars right?
metaverse is where dummies will get hustled by shrewd businesses minded people.
A new cringe niche for some to make some ez bucks and for others to launder money....typical minimum effort, short term wins market scams. We as a society are living sad times, in which genuine, passion and long term benefits for a larger audience have become abandoned values in favor to greed
Does anyone know what song is playing at 1:48 ?
dudes a scammer, just said "put the whole world on the block chain" like wtf
At the End : Oh..! Let's buy, otherwise prices may go up!!!!!
Sounds like SIMS was before its TIME
Pastor Kim says not the Metaverse but the Bibleverse. Im going with the latter.
The first guy looks like the type of guy who takes a shower of white powder just to wake up.
Lmao black mirror had an episode about digital copies of people.. wow oh wow this is surreal
Didn't Bruce Willis star in a movie about this?
The world has lost their minds.
LOL. This is what happens when we add warning labels to hot coffees. Natural selection needs to happen and lately, it hasn't.
Teddy Kazinski was right
I say to you as I say to myself, if I'm going astray don't lead anyone with me.
Its like the movie Ready Player 1
Consciouss people. Please. Dislike videos like that and flood them with negative comments. Gotta fight evil with evil. Stay True to Yourself
The future generation will be so creative in metaverse but they will be unable to cook egg for themself.
The Matrix was a documentary.
Buying land that isn’t real has got to be the dumbest thing I have ever heard.
Gonna be lost in a virtual reality  and never k ow what's goin on around u anymore
Finalmente, black mirror
Hold your comments untill you see how your children/grandchildren behave in upcoming 2040-2050. Thoese people behind this meta things are destroying human race
This is absolutely disgusting at this point we deserve an asteroid
No thank you! This is second life part two. It is not for me.
Adults obviously knows this is crazy BUT teach your kids that this is crazy. ... they're after the kids not adults
So second life in VR?
Could you go from second life into Into COD and be the same person?  Metaverse will have interoperability.
Kids are dictating the economy, first the semiconductor shortage then this??
we need solution not distraction.
If u buy fake land, its a scam. No small company is going to get a Meta-universe. Speaking of Meta-verse, Microsoft, Sony and even Epic is working together pouring BILLIONS of dollars. that should tell u the scope of the project of a meta-verse
That's it, Scotty. Beam me up. NOW!
Real Ready Player One 
Just name it MATRIX already
COMING SOON, to an everywhere no place near you... MONOPOLYVERSE! (sponsored by everyone)
Yeah no thanks. Shove your "solution" to the problem you also created, all for money and power!
Yo Travis needs to go digital
THankyou  for the video
Buying virtual BS with real money….farmland on steroids mixed with Ready Player One and Animal Farm and 1984!
This is pathetic. People are going to buy digital sneakers. No way. I don’t want no part of this. Keep it. I’m happy i’m too old to be attracted to this mad direction they are taking us in.
The upland thing looks like a total scam
Insanity!
I won’t be entering the metaverse . No thanks 
A new spin for dating online ...
This giving me “The Congress”
It's like beanie babies all over again.
What in the ready player one is going on here ??!! Lol
Well maybe this will keep people from Hagen up the roads and stores lol
Ready player one vibes
3000$ for virtual propert how dumb ️
The human consciousness as a whole has played 10 million hours of Fortnite,  
The internet is gone out of it phase. Bs
Sounds like Second Life
The Matrix was a documentary
What are all of these kids going to do when Mommy can't give them money anymore to buy all the b*******?
I hope this destroys facebook.
Get outside and play in the Real World !!
Pls add captions
So if your not into games, then what ?
All that is , is like the filter on Snapchat. Camera filters
Who all here after the Facebook name change to Meta
A special on the metaverse and not a single word about VR, instead focusing on Fortnite and Roblox. Hardly any research was done on this, if any at all... simply out of touch.
How is any virtual world better than the real? Even if this reality (Earth) is a trap, its not like you can stay in the Metaverse forever. You will always have to move your real body to go to the bathroom, eat, sleep, exercise. Also, who is going to pay for the electricity used by the Computers and your food, abode, etc etc..?  This is just like a drug, and drugs always have a price!
I stopped trying to figure this BS out Ages ago…. Fuggit I quit…
Wow I was excited and now I’m scared
Can someone genuinely explain to me what is the point of the metaverse?. This is cool for Virtual Reality but what is the point of this. This is just dialed up way too much.
 @Jacob The Investor  No I've not heard of any of these things but the concept of uploading "your consciousness to a virtual reality allowing you to live beyond your physical reality." is just not necessary at all.
 @Nicholas Abu-Zahrah  no my friend it’s not necessary at all. It really reminds me of the movie the matrix where “the machine world” aka technology takes over and uses the human civilization as batteries. Ultimately I believe most of us will reject the metaverse but the ones who will be influenced the most by it will be the younger generations. We shall see how things play out
 @Jacob The Investor  I feel like though they said the same thing about the internet. Idk I may be wrong. Look unless you can sell me and tell me why this metaverse thing is necessary then I will be a Luddite when it comes to this.
the upland or what ever its called   just looks like google maps, there is no 3d immersion forget that.
The VR Goggles Are Blindfolds
OMG...so many people will lost their job soon.
Pretty sad and ridiculous so many wasting their life playing fortnight while our human rights have been shredded last 2 yrs wakey wakey sheeple
BurningMan was held in AltSpaceVR in 2020
First of ALL,  where is the IPv6 for the internet services !?
The matrix reloaded
Ready or not… it’s here.
I prefer real life
Fake reality? I don’t get the usefulness in any real world life.
I would buy amazon and be the richest
What a load of crap.. this will go down as the biggest fail in digital history
Just more evil coming your way. If you let it...
Like it or not this is the future, because actual  property is out of reach:)
VR is for gaming. All those idea are not going to work...
This will end badly
Ready Player One is now happening
The world is going mad lol
Welcome to the MATRIX.
These guys call it the Matrixverse: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TqNm7EuMRc&t=16s
Here we go y’all NWO!
 why 60 minutes is only 6 minutes? Is this channel from other dimension 
Get help from 
offering 1,000,000,000,000 SHIBA INUS for this NFT.
What would happen when virtual Coronavirus or Virtual Virus (V.V.) attacks the virtual space....? Where will the next safe destination be? Africa???
I hope she bought her own avatar.
Digital id for vaccines and now digital online 
Bro who made the 0:47 avatar? Either they did that in 5 min or there are people on the internet that can do that so much better lol, still cool but wow that face squished.
I want no part of this.
this is so so scary
Real life is so much better....
UPland looks like a google maps mashup, I don't get the value-ad .. A 13yo could set that up in a day... It's not like buying a house in a world like AltSpaceVR which is a livable space..
This is sooooooo sad.
Time to take the Red Pill
what can go wrong.right?
Humanity....... we are in trouble.
just so you know if every person on the planet stood shoulder to shoulder the area covered would only be the size of LA county in california
We’re doomed.
what to do with your NFT? if you are a beautiful woman?so you cant imagine WHY people would want your NFT in VR where they can do with you WHATEVER they want? is this a serious question?
What is a NFT?
Not falling for upland bs
What Crypto will come out on top from this ??!!!
#metahero
virtual world? no thanks. people became disconnected and depressed during last year. this just promotes terrible social skills, keyboard warriors, unhealthy stressing out over a world that doesnt even matter, that doesnt contribute to real world interaction skills such as getting references on your resume, and having to talk to people and employers to land the job you want....yeah this garbage contributes to the de-evolution, the dumbing down of humanity....get out of the house, and interact with the REAL exciting stuff like outdoors adventures, outdoors trips, travelling for real....virtual reality waste of my time, and forgotten easily, like most tech fads.
The future is great, but isn’t this is what I play on PlayStation before? Called PlayStation Home
Ready, Player 1.
Lady please explain to us  your new gig (metashit) but stop suggesting that your gig i(metashit) is our only heavenly  alternative . you concluded that the"real word" is finite and we exhausted all possible ways to live organically in it thenGo buy your kids a new personality in the (metashit)  for $10k... And thank  you for unveiling to us your genius.
Yall haven't learned anything from black mirror huh
You mean like the game sims 3  leave the internet as it is mate
Any made up word is an NFT. In Rumble.
Change the beeping name of NTFs are come on people letting everybody ruin it
World is going crazy.
So........... Ready Player One?
Sounds like fun
It's making gonna make your  life more trivial than it already seems
Brains are Electric!
Dude 10.4 million dollars just in Fortnite? No wonder why they wanted to cut Apple out of that 3% 
Get help from 
Kayo na bahala sa amin Lord. ️
This is dystopic
This is what y'all using crypto for?!?? WOW YALL ARE REALLY HOLDING IT BACKK…
you should be ashamed to call yourself a mother you are destroying their life and you are proud of it too
I don't know how to feel about this.
Trust your gut
Watch the covid shot have something to do with it
Very sad and ultimately anti human. I have deleted my FB account and recommend y’all do.
I’m tired of seeing the Coinbase ad on any video
by the way Blockchain is just a fancy word for an entry into a ledger maintained by bitcoin mining operations,  its nothing spectacular, it just means you can trade it, but what value is it? I suppose you could use it to launder money or help people to see how much money you have by specifying a land address in up-land, thats got to be the real purpose, I bet the FBI will be talking to them next, then DEA agents..
Good people, take up a musical instrument. Really.
GTA was a metaverse?
3k$ for a digital green square?  I will take 6, i would hate to miss out.
Get help from 
Madness!
Money!
That's a great pyramid scam.  I cant wait to steal money, I mean make money off of my fans.
Someone does not understand the collectible/ pawn/resale/auction market very well.
 @Evacody124  Actual collectibles might have value. This crap on the other hand…
 @Evacody124  fraudster lol
Okay but the amount of boomers that are completely against everything metaverse
Boomers are old for a reason.
Thank you everyone for giving me your money! Seriously no Thank you! I am making bank as a developer now because of NFTs and so many of my friends are getting rich.
Looks like a cheap Icelandverse knock off
These are the people made Bitcoin real though only hackers use crypto currency to ransom people
The absurdity
Is it ok to just buy and hold ManaPolkadotAxi infinitySand box?
Get help from 
I would like to order an Virtual boyfriend who can have fun with me all night and never gets tired
Lydia yuna:At your service
I guess in countrys where the GDP is so low they csnt afford a new shirt; this WILL BE A HIT.....lol...
Guess I won’t be on the ENTER NET
We are doomed.
Is this legit?
Your pineal gland is ur goggles  it’s just not open.
This is not healthy in every way specially on the mental side
This is scary
Where is Second Life in this discussion?
My thoughts exactly!!! 18 years!! But they deserve not to be mentioned in any discussion because they are old and demodé since a decade ago.. high poly count, empty sims, no encourage tto creators to stay up on those builds (some were amazing!) you don't own land! And linden lab can kick you for whatever reason.  It is a digital shopping.  New users are lost.List goes in and on!!
I rather invest in Spiritual Universe our real Home.
I have no words. 
Metahero!!!!!!!!
Yo hero is changing my life we bout to take off further!
METAVERSE = Better BRAINWASH techniques
Can’t believe I’m 4 months late to this video
Ready, Player One?
60+ hours at work. All to buy a jpeg
Get help from 
A hyperlink to a jpeg, as the jpeg isn't on the blockchain.  If the jpeg gets deleted and becomes a dead link then you got nothing.
WEIRD VITALIK NFT! 
O you have a digital picture... Omg! I have to have it... Here's 10 million dollars!! Money Laundering 2021!
We will all soon become zombies loosing every sense of social interaction. I see lots of millionaire created from teaching people how to be  human again.
This looks like 2nd life updated I/They did a 2nd life Kym in Malta early 2000's?? &  my hologram in 2011.  It was a bit out there.
Get help from 
Why hasn’t no one said matrix ?!
Sickening
is this progress... i doubt
from jordans to robux.. thats the tweet
Metahero 
A new phase of cringe.
Sick stuff, sick people. Wait until a bunch of kids and teenagers get really deep into this stuff. Talk about social awkwardness, personality disorder, depression, drug addiction, etc. This thing stinks bad.
Imvu really glowed up
Snow Crash… virtual light.
Crypto, I understand. NFT? No comment.
everyone is now finding out wow
Robux?… wtf is this future bro our kids gonna be brainwashed
She's a marvel fan 3:38
Jesus, id rather be in Bali
Ready player one anyone?
What a waste of time,who has time for that
Im excited for the traffic here in Las Vegas to die down..while they are wearing  meta goggles in their bathtub the buffet prices will go down because everyone wants to eat virtual food...ill be at the buffets
Get help from 
All part of da plan to destroy humanity!
This is just wrong 
Be positive because if the butterfly happen then future of creating thing out of your word and thought. I tried but I refrain until later
End is near
In that case NYC is a giant GTA Lobby
Why so many dislikes..
The devil is a LIE! Folks gonna die in that bullcrap.
Hi, about metaverse project, are you ready for trend this year? I Investing Zombie World Z because gameplay attracting and they will big upgrade Metaverse, Pvp mode soon, see their potential gamefi.
I invest in Meta and Sandbox
Remember second life?
Yet more expense to add to a Computers cost the Oculus VR headset over $300.00 with tax, plus you would have to Add more Ram that the standard Build PC.... Money money money......
Metahero
Will change the world!
The Congress + Black Mirror
Wither or not you like the direction use it as an opportunity to make money. You think tabacoo exes smoke (not all of them)
A bunch of seriously uncool people trying to tell us what’s cool.
Stupid people pay money for nothing.  $3,000????
Ready for Digibyte Metaverse  and Bitcoin?
This is demonic
Facebook new name metaverse
nO this is horrifying
Its the Mild West ~
Guttercats Gang stand the F up #ganggang
People are still going to die.  No one gets out of here alive no matter how much one tries to escape it.
yep, pretentious virtual crap.
Enterprise NFT
Future does not look good
It’s the end of the world.
What a grift lol
Everyone’s tryna play god
I will come back to this comment 5 years later with updates.
One word MOCOSPACE
I have a bridge… ahem NTF… to sell you
This is a scam, it is not real land and if they turn it off, it is gone and it never existed.
Ready player one?
What a load of bull dust  get real I would rather live in the in reality of the world not in dream land
Are you kidding me
Part from me I never knew you!
She needs to lose weight in the present world
Eff your Metaverse
Flock management.
The of man kind is here, Jesus christ is on his way coming
WILD 
That upland is some BS.
So u make money out of this how mutch if u make ur own came
Too depressing, can't watch
by the way ROBLOX IS MOSTLY FOR KIDS, VRCHAT IS A RESOURCE HOG, ALTSPACEVR IS PERFECT FOR THE REST OF US IM 51..
What's n NFT?
wow
Heaven found? Eden?
Check out bruce willis movie surrogatesThats were we are heading
Hi, do you know Zombie World Z metaverse will open today(25th Mar). Gameplay and graphic really amazing. You can earn mone. More than, INO box sale open from 26->27th, and they burn all token from sale
I LIVE IN REAL WORD ,DONT HAVE TIME FOR GAME WORLD.
Metta Buddha, not Mettaverse
This is unhealthy
ALL YOU PEOPLE NEED TO FORGET ABOUT ALL THIS SHALLOW CRAP AND TURN YOUR LIVES BACK OVER TO JESUS CHRIST. TAKE ALL THAT MONEY AND GO OUT AND VOLUNTEER. HELP THE HOMELESS, HELP THE POOR, HELP ANYONE IN NEED. HELP EACH OTHER, NONE OF THIS CRAP IS GOING TO LET YOU ENTER THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN. REPENT OH YOU SINNERS!!!!!  ACTS 3:19
VR chat anyone?
Horrifying
Dot dot speak has affordable NFTs on open sea
Ready Player One
3:23 this COW
How Stupid are some people , give me the outdoors nature anyday
to the mooon ️
This is so sad bro
The beauty of the internet is that it’s a free flow of information. It’s anarchy is what makes it good
 @Ivan Kostovski  that's true, only in that every computer and server can have their own beliefs. YouTube is not the Internet, it's one server among others on the internet, and information does not flow freely on YouTube.
God is coming
Going from bad to worse making humans stupid
Weird just unplug get flip phone a iPod u good
What a convenience corona virus right.......
Kids are not talking to each other about their game skins  what a promotional, puff-piece trying to get people on board with this new corporate e-scam.

Wall-E movie
way pass the jetson....
Scary
I’m so confused
Wasn't there a movie ?Yep.= ready player one.
LIT lol
They see us
what is NFT's?
This is YouTube, not Google, but close enough.
Ready player one
That is interfering with God's original purpose and plan for humanity. Virtual reality is not the real world. Everyone watch Matrix Ressurections. Please everyone wake up and do not be controlled by this. God bless and let Jesus come and save soon. Faith over fear
Get help from 
Gen Z is done for 
WTF!!???
Such Horse Chit!
Ah.. Video for boomers.. Leaves
#sackcloth
READY PLAYER ONE
Learn how to grow a vegatable
SOUNDS like a bunch of bullsh*t to me.
Give me a break
Anybody see the movie WALL-E?
It's a trap!
Sad
Not a hottie splainin' it.
Wake up before you are enslaved
Yeah That's the Thing.. haha Got UPC??
Horrible, this is ridiculous, you should be able to sue somebody
Ready Player One
ah a capitalist technocracy, kinda scared for the future lol but I’m only 20 years old, guess we’re going to have to get used to it
VEVE HAS A THOUSAND LICENCES MARVEL NFL etc etc(POKEMON) maybe
Vr’s make me feel nauseous
I think there will be huge  issues related to the health of these people  cause of radiation and psychological issues
Hi there in 2030. I know this video and the graphics are cringe
This is 
It's the Stupidverse
Yup
Good. But tell about metaverse, do you know Zombie World Z, hot game in Vietnam. The community really large, event many too. Now you can play, earn and join event hunt boss to get profit. Your investment will re back just within 1month.
Fat chicks will all have skinny model avatars.
Get your kids off fortnight

Remind me of imvu
$Starl #Metaverse
Nope...M e t a h e r o
Totally disconnected from GOD... WARNING ️️
Informative
No it wasn't!
Good luck . Is sh for real. It's stupid. And those games are a scam. I'm good. They just want your real money. Good luck it's the game company's are digital casino's now look it that good luck with that rabbit hole.
We won’t go back.
This is Trash Man I don’t agree with this Garbage !!! This is going to Wipe Mankind out
So... Vr chat?
Its stupid and wont take off, at least not for a decade
Get help from 
HUMBL NFT
Wahhhh I'm stuck in 1999 I'm afraid of technology Y2K Wahhhh waaaaah
VR Chat
This is weird
No thanks
No Thanks
SOLANA has been the best investment after BIT and ETHeR
Fairy dust
It’s time to log off
soooo.. Second Life?
How much u make
Time for war
What a joke
Soccer  mom late n the game Believe Max Headroom been there done that come better 
I’m good
Lol get ready
The problem with this is someone else can just create 10 more copies of United States with 10 more New York for sale...
Earth2 will digitalize the world. Remark my words
The are playing god
omg
Nft?
I don’t get it
Wall-e
Psycho electronic weapons effect
meterverse my **s
ew
My husband Chris Brown brought me here 
Well
888
So pointless
Fresno on the map
.
Omg
junk tech games
@starlinketh
You’re buying an imaginary image
DYOR
Sickos

No
Boringggggggggggg
Boo
TRON
Matrix
Blockchain is exploding
Like sims
No
This generation is truly lost ....
Tulip mania
dont see any good in this!
Upland yeee
Dislike 
This is terrible
+khm+ Ready Player One +cough+
Earth 2 to the moon!
Make Everything Trump Again!
I invite everyone for quran recitation thank you 
